

--- PAGE 1 ---
 How to Use Kaggle docs/benchmarks 
 Current Page 
 Benchmarks 
 How to use Kaggle Benchmarks as your home for trustworthy AI benchmarking 
 Overview 
 Kaggle seeks to be the home of a diverse ecosystem of high quality benchmarks assessing 
 model capabilities on tasks of significant importance to the industry to help developers reliably 
 understand and trust what works well on ML tasks. Building on Kaggle's decade-plus of 
 experience as the home for hosting ML Competitions, which are a type of benchmark, for the 
 industry and our partners, we will adhere to the following principles: 
 Kaggle believes in the importance of robustness: enduring, high-value benchmarks that truly 
 help the industry measure progress in AI are ones that can’t be easily hacked, saturated, or 
 leaked 
 Kaggle believes in the importance of reproducibility and transparency for ensuring the industry 
 can trust benchmarks and evaluations. We also take in extremely high regard the trust 
 publishers place in us as a platform. 
 Kaggle doesn’t develop benchmarks. Our role is to independently reproduce and publicly 
 release results, provide a model-agnostic platform that streamlines evaluation of new models on 
 new benchmarks over time, and drive community engagement and stress testing. 
 Kaggle Benchmarks comprises two main types of benchmarks: 1) Research Benchmarks, which 
 are evals created by researchers working in AI labs, and 2) Community Benchmarks, which are 
 evals created by the Kaggle community. 
 Both are technically identical, with the only difference being that Research Benchmarks tend to 
 require a lot more compute. If you're a researcher who wants to host your benchmarks with us, 
 email kaggle-benchmarks@google.com to discuss how you can get a higher quota. 
 Creating Tasks and Benchmarks 
 First, some key concepts about Kaggle Benchmarks: 
 Task: A Python function defining the problem (e.g., "Solve this riddle"). 
 Benchmark: A collection of tasks that you can put together. There is no code implementation for 
 this. This is a feature that Kaggle supports on the graphical user interface so that users can put 
 together their own benchmarks based on the tasks that they care about 
 Creating a Task 
 📺  Video Guide: How to create a task 
 1. Go to Kaggle Benchmarks and click "Create task" 
 Create a task 
 2. Create a new task - you can either write the code from scratch or prompt an AI to generate 
 the code for you 
Ask Local LLM


--- PAGE 2 ---



--- PAGE 3 ---
 ⚠  Access Requirements: Please ensure your account is phone-verified to access resources 
 such as LLM API quotas. Furthermore, accounts registered after December 15, 2025, must 
 complete additional identity verification to execute task notebooks. 
 Generate a taskGenerate a task 
 3. Once the task notebook has been created, you can make edits to it. Once it's done, you can 
 run it in the notebook or "Save Task", which will create a Task Detail page 
 Task notebook 
 4. The Task Detail page is where you can add a description, new models to be evaluated, 
 compare outputs across different models, and even share it with others 
 Task detail page 
 To get started creating your first task, check out the Getting Started Notebook. 
 Creating a Benchmark 
 Remember that a benchmark is simply multiple tasks put together into a collection. 
 📺  Video Guide: How to create a benchmark 
 1. Go to Kaggle Benchmarks and click "Create benchmark" 
 Create a benchmark 
 2. Fill in the information in the panel. You can always change names and descriptions later! 
 Generate a benchmark 
 3. You should be brought to the Benchmark Detail page, where you will need to add tasks to 
 your benchmark. You can add your own tasks or public tasks that others have created. 
 Add tasks 
 4. Next, you will need to add a list of models that you want to display on the benchmark page. 
 Add models 
 5. Once that's done, you will see your completed Benchmark detail page. You can edit, share, 
 and add new models and tasks! 
 Benchmark detail page 
 Downloading Benchmark Leaderboards 
 You can download the benchmark leaderboard data for your own analysis. There are two ways 
 to access the download options: 
 From the three-dot menu ("  ") in the top right of the benchmark page. 
 Using the "Download" button located directly above the leaderboard table. 
 Both actions open a download popup that provides methods to retrieve the data. 
 Download via API 
 The popup provides a cURL command to download the leaderboard data as a JSON object. If 
 the Benchmark is not public, you will need to authenticate using your Kaggle credentials. 
 # Unauthenticated example 
 curl -L -o ~/Downloads/open-benchmarks_scicode_leaderboard.json \ 
 https://www.kaggle.com/api/v1/benchmarks/open-benchmarks/scicode/leaderboard 


--- PAGE 4 ---
 # Authenticated example 
 # Export your Kaggle username and API key 
 # export KAGGLE_USERNAME= 
 # export KAGGLE_KEY= 
 curl -L -u $KAGGLE_USERNAME:$KAGGLE_KEY \ 
 -o ~/Downloads/myusername_my-benchmark_leaderboard.json \ 
 https://www.kaggle.com/api/v1/benchmarks/myusername/my-benchmark/leaderboard 
 Download as CSV 
 At the bottom of the download popup, you can click "Download leaderboard as csv" to directly 
 download the data as a CSV file. 
 Models 
 Supported Models in Community Benchmarks 
 We continue to update the list of available models in Community Benchmarks as new models 
 are released and old models are deprecated. We currently do not support some models (e.g. 
 OpenAI models), but are working on growing our list over time. To query the current list of 
 supported models, run the following command in the task notebook: 
 import kaggle_benchmarks as kbench 
 # returns the current list of available models to test against 
 list(kbench.llms.keys()) 
 Query list of available models 
 Supported Models in Research Benchmarks 
 Model selection within Research Benchmarks is determined by the specific evaluation and the 
 researchers involved. Consequently, these may include supplemental models not currently 
 supported in Community Benchmarks. 
 Learning resources 
 Getting started notebook 
 Kaggle Benchmarks GitHub repo 
 Kaggle Community Benchmarks NotebookLM 
 Copied to clipboard 