

--- PAGE 1 ---
 How to Use Kaggle docs/groups 
 Current Page 
 Groups 
 How to create and use groups on Kaggle 
 Overview 
 Groups allow anyone in the community to easily share Kaggle resources (notebooks, datasets 
 and models) with a group of members. Unlike organizations on Kaggle, groups can never own 
 resources. 
 Creating a group 
 Anyone with a Kaggle account can create a group. Sign in to your Kaggle account, and then 
 click your avatar in the upper right menu and select "Your Groups". You'll see the Groups page. 
 Select "New Group". 
 You'll need to provide the following information: 
 Name: The name of your group 
 URL: Confirm the URL. This will need to be unique — we'll try to base it off of the name of your 
 group, but in case that's already taken, you need to create your own URL. 
 Group Description: The group description will be visible to members who join the group. 
 You'll be able to invite members on the group "Invite" tab after it has been created. 
 Sending Invites 
 On the "Invite" tab, you can add members in two ways: via a link and sending an invite on 
 Kaggle. 
 Invite via a link: When you turn this on, any admin will see a link on the Invite tab that they can 
 share and grant new members access to the group. Anyone that joins via this method will have 
 a member role. Anyone with the link can join the group, so avoid sharing it in public forums. 
 Ensure all admins understand the potential security implications. 
 Send invites: This invitation method allows you to enter in Kaggle user names and set their 
 individual permission levels (member or admin) . When you click “Send invites”, invited 
 members will receive an email and a notification on Kaggle with a link to the group. 
 Resending invites 
 If an invited user somehow doesn't receive an invitation or deletes it, admins can resend the 
 invite. They can do this by viewing the group in question and selecting "Pending Members". 
 They then need to select the "More" menu next to the user and select "Resend invitation". 
 Group member permissions 
 Groups are composed of owners, admins and members. 
 Abilities of group members 


--- PAGE 2 ---



--- PAGE 3 ---
 Group members can share any notebook, dataset or model they own with their groups (more 
 about sharing below). 
 Members will not be able to add new members to a group unless the owner or admins shares 
 the unique invitation link. 
 Abilities of group admins 
 Group admins have the same abilities as members to share resources with their groups. In 
 addition, they can add and remove members, edit link sharing, and edit information about the 
 group (name and description). 
 Abilities of group owners 
 Group owners have the same abilities as admins. In addition, they can transfer ownership of the 
 group to another admin. Only group owners can delete groups. 
 Changing member permissions 
 Owners and admins can modify member permissions at any time. This will not affect any 
 resources that have been shared with the group. 
 Owners and admins can also choose to set their permissions to a lower level if they wish. 
 Owners will need to transfer ownership of the group to another admin before doing so. 
 Sharing resources 
 Permissions 
 Sharing works like it does today, on a resource in the Collaborators section, simply search for 
 the name of a group and select the desired permissions (Can View, Can Edit, Can Administrate) 
 to share a resource. 
 Notifications 
 A notification (email or site) will be sent to members when a resource is shared with the group. 
 To adjust notifications for a group, visit that group's "Settings" tab. To adjust notifications for all 
 Groups visit "Settings" and select "Notifications". 
 Your Work 
 Shared resources (notebooks, datasets, and models) will appear under Your Work in the section 
 labeled "All of Your Work". You can filter or search this list to find shared items. 
 Group privacy 
 Groups are private and invitation only. Groups do not appear in search or in directories on 
 Kaggle. 
 Note: If a resource was shared with you that was also shared with a group you are not a 
 member of, you'll be able to see the name of the group on the Collaborators section under 
 Settings, but no additional information about the group. 


--- PAGE 4 ---
 FAQs 
 How do I transfer group ownership? 
 To transfer ownership, select the "People" tab in a group. Select a member and then the role 
 dropdown next to their name. In the menu will be an action "Transfer Ownership". This is a 
 permanent action. 
 Copied to clipboard 